c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Prism.Maps.Droid.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Prism.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Prism.Forms.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Prism.Maps.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\Users\ChuyPc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps\Prism.Maps.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
